Jonathan Coup
EECS 448 Project 1 Report

I was selected to be the Billing Person as part of the business team with two others (business consultants). I worked with these two on figuring out the value and how to present our valuable system to the class. I took the role of learning the code developed by our programmers in order to see the full potential of our product.
Things I was looking for included: ease of use, understandability, use of comments, and functionality. Being as I was not a person writing the code I want to make sure our customers will not have much trouble getting around and using our functions. 
The First plan of action was committing to a github so everyone’s contributions and updates to the code could be accessed by anyone. From here I was able to access and test the code as needed to make sure I had an understanding of what the quaternion module actually does and how it behaves to user inputs. 
This information was relayed with the rest of the business team to ensure we were all on the same page in terms of how the code was used and written.
For the presentation, because I had tested the code thoroughly, I had created snapshots of the code in action. This means I set a few examples of each function along with the source code in order for the viewer to really see how and why our code is the best of the best. 
This was all done alongside the other businessmen of the group in order to stay on the same page. This method was later changed as we decided to change parts of the presentation.
It was decided that the snapshots would not be a good representation of our functions and that we would rather do a comprehensive live demo during the presentation itself.
I developed the billing slides that showcased how our team was successful and how a particular group went above the standard. 
For billing purposes I would have to say our product by far meets and exceeds the standards of our competitors (the other groups) and created something useful in the world of quaternion mathematics. 
The code was easy to follow as well as commented sufficiently enough to understand how the product needs to be handled. Tested the functions and all are working as intended. 
The actual document/manual for the project was a huge help with understanding how the program is intended to be used and very viewer friendly.
For instance, the document was written in scribble but using the “to HTML” feature, I saw a very detailed and very organized document that had links and color coding to make everything easy.
