Evan Bissell
2553966
Team 1

I was a member of primarily the business consulting team for project 1. We were the ones responsible for organizing a presentation to introduce our team's quaternion calculator to an audience. After some time discussing how to go about pitching our product, an agreement was made to conduct a powerpoint presentation discribing the nature of the program's problem solving methods and also why the program is efficient and unique. 

In the early stages of development, the user interface wasn't stable enough to begin any final documentation. 
Alternatively, I began navigating through the individual functions when troubleshooting and debugging. 
This allowed me to become much more familiar with the program's functionality.
Once the major bugs were repaired, I moved away from the programming and testing end and got together with the business team yet again.At this point, it was possible to derive a generally accurate output for every function operation (minus some very minor fixes). We called each function individually and took a snipit of each function call and its corresponding output to paste into the powerpoint.

As for additional functionality/efficiency, I learned from my group members that we were taking a structure approach rather than a list; another great contribution to the "special functionality" list. By this point, the program was running very smoothly with very few errors.It was decided that we would each assign ourselves to individual subtasks in hopes that we could combine our work in the end to form a solid, cohesive presentation.
It wasn't long until the design/style of the presentation became a matter of importance. 
I created the "Qmax" logo and the design of the powerpoint slides with my experience with Adobe Illustrator

Each subgroup in our team did an exellent job executing their designated roles. The only noticible struggles (and I say that very lightly) occured in the transitioning stages of the project (e.g. passing the program/powerpoint on from one subgroup to the next and risking potential miscommunications or alterd code). There were a few instances that required us to backtrack and correct the program's behavior before the next project phase could be put into action. However, these problems are understandibly inherent to any developmental process and can be seen as a learning experience. For a team collaboration, this was a successful endeavour because group members had the ability to choose a "role" that was best tailord to interests and abilities. 
