Intro:
	The quaternion project was a great exercise for promoting and introducing everyone to group work. The large size of the groups definitely promoted communication and organization between the group members although it did not always come easy. The biggest challenge that we faced was coordinating everyone’s schedules to get together.  With all of us being engineering students, this was quite the task. In order to achieve our overall goal of making our program easy to read, simple for the user and the best program, we compensated by having a great network of communication between e-mails and group text messages plus the amazingly productive use of github.  As with all group projects it was hard to get the work split up perfectly even, but for the most part everyone in the group took on responsibility for their small personal project with great success.  Individuals then shared with the others in their role to optimize their subgroups feedback. The feedback was then posted on github for everyone to see/comment on; this made our project constantly morphing up to the last day from ideas and improvements made by the others in our group, no matter their role, to make our final project/presentation.


Conclusion:
	In conclusion the project was if nothing else a great team building experience that efficiently simulated a group project in a corporate environment. Our group communication was phenomenal making everything run smoothly up until the last few days when actual meetings were required at which point those who could make it played a great part in finalizing our presentation.  Our code is fully functional and open source so that further enhancements can be made. We added some properties to our code in order to set us apart, which include but are not limited to the use of structures opposed to lists and the implementation of qreader.rkt. All in all, our group was a huge success.   Any disagreements were promptly discussed and everyone did their part, including a few that went above and beyond to make this project be as amazing as possible. 
