EECS 448 – Project 1 Report

Miguel Angel Calderon – Business consultant

I was assigned as a Business consultant for our group, which I believe fits my abilities as I consider myself a person that knows how to handle his way in conversations as well as being able to persuade and convince others. Our objective as the business group was to be able sell our product by showing its advantages in front of the other teams'software. The problem is that we are all doing the same project. I realized early on the only way to achieve that was to make our product different. So we developed a plan for this. We gave it a name: Qmax and then Evan and I, the other business consultant, designed a logo for it. We also created a phrase for it. With this we show that we are offering something real, not just an assignment we were supposed to make.

It was also important to know how to approach the customer when offering our software. We had to know that it was user friendly, and for that purpose, Thomas, one of the programmers, joined our team. He helped us understand the code and how it worked so we knew how to introduce it to the customers. They had to understand it at first glance; it has to be easy for them to be attracted to our program. We even gave some advice to the development team. In the end, we were satisfied with the code because it was really simple and straightforward to use. Jonathan, the Billing person, helped us test the code to show in the presentation.

We planned our presentation in the least boring way possible. We know we are all doing the same project, so we skip the explanation of quaternions as we all know it. Instead, I proposed that we made it more entertaining and more directed towards its application and difference to the other teams' programs. We are explaining why our structure based approach is better and the list based approach other teams are using, we are giving examples of our program in action and we are doing a live demo to show in real time how our program is working.

Nothing more direct, simple and effective. I hope you enjoy your time with Qmax, the best tool for quaternion calculation available.  

